(GH-1376) Update bundled content to use $targets parameter (#1410)
puppetlabs/bolt: CHANGELOG.md

  directory name. The `script-dir` option sets a predictable subdirectory for `tmpdir` where files
  will be uploaded.

* **Bundled content updated to use `$targets` parameter** ([#1376](https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/issues/1376))

>   Plans that are part of the `canary`, `puppetdb_fact`, and `aggregate` modules have been updated to use a `$targets` parameter in favor of `$nodes`. The `aggregate::nodes` plan still uses a `$nodes` parameter, but the module now includes a `aggregate::targets` plan that uses a `$targets` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Plans that are part of the `canary`, `puppetdb_fact`, and `aggregate` modules have been updated to use a `$targets` parameter instead of `$nodes`. The `aggregate::nodes` plan still uses a `$nodes` parameter, but the module now includes a `aggregate::targets` plan that uses a `$targets` parameter.
```
